VAULT-28520: Docs describing active node/leadership election timing (#28608)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/internals/integrated-storage.mdx

configuration, the active Vault node is the leader node and all standby nodes
are followers.

## Leadership elections

> A Raft leader is chosen through a Raft leadership election. All nodes in the Raft
> cluster start as followers, wait up to a *heartbeat timeout* duration to receive
> a heartbeat from a leader. If no heartbeat arrives, the node will enter the
> candidate state. The node waits up to the *election timeout* to be informed of
> an election from another node. If the node doesn't hear of an election, it will
> start an election itself. Once the node gets a response from a quorum of other
> nodes, it be elected the leader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes become the active Raft storage node through Raft leadership elections. 

All nodes in a Raft cluster start as **followers**. Followers monitor leader 
health through a **leader heartbeat**. If a follower does not receive a heartbeat 
within the  configured **heartbeat timeout**, the node becomes a **candidate**. 
Candidates watch for election notices from other nodes in the cluster. If the 
**election timeout** period expires, the candidate starts an election for
leader. If the candidate gets responses from a quorum of other nodes in the
cluster, the candidate becomes the new leader node.
```

Style correction: write in active voice

> A Raft leader will also voluntarily step down if it hasn't been able to
> successfully contact a quorum of nodes. The leader will wait the *leader lease
> timeout* before stepping down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raft leaders may step down  voluntarily if the node cannot connect to a quorum 
of nodes with the **leader lease timeout** period.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

> The heartbeat timeout, election timeout, and leader lease timeout can't be
> controlled individually. Rather, they can be scaled by setting the [`performance_multiplier`](/vault/docs/configuration/storage/raft#performance-multiplier),
> which must be an integer between 0 and 10. By default, the `performance_multiplier` is set to 5
>  which translates to the following timeout values:
> * Heartbeat timeout: 5 seconds
> * Election timeout: 5 seconds
> * Leader lease timeout: 2.5 seconds
> 
> The default of 5 is suitable for most platforms and scenarios. You should only
> adjust the timing value when platform telemetry indicators that a change is
> needed or different timing is required due to the overall reliability your
> platform (network, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relevant timeout periods (heartbeat timeout, election timeout, leader lease 
timeout) scale according to the [`performance_multiplier`](/vault/docs/configuration/storage/raft#performance-multiplier) setting in your Vault configuration. By default, 
the `performance_multiplier` is 5, which translates to the following timeout
values:

Timeout            | Default duration
-------------------- | ----------------
Heartbeat timeout    | 5 seconds
Election timeout     | 5 seconds
Leader lease timeout | 2.5 seconds

We recommend using the default multiplier unless one of the following is true:

- Platform telemetry strongly indicates the default behavior is insufficient.
- The reliability of your platform or network requires different behavior.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
